This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) forms a part of the Terms of Use relating to the use of the Website, and by using the Website you expressly consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your information in accordance with the terms of this Policy.

We may amend this Policy at any time without notice, and such amendments become effective from the date upon which we make them available on the Website or via any electronic platform that we make available for your access.

If you do not agree to the Policy (including any amendments), then you should immediately cease using the Website.

the terms “we", "our", "us" means ultramsg and its subsidiaries, employees, officers, agents, affiliates or assigned parties.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date you accept this Policy, and you do so by default through the use of the Website.
If any term of this Policy is or may become for any reason invalid or unenforceable at law, the validity and enforceability of the remainder will not be affected.
The type of information we collect from you is either personal to you, or is general in nature:

Personal Information: When you sign up for our Services, register on the Website as a user or otherwise, update your information, purchase any goods or Services, request us to contact youtake part in promotions or campaigns
We also receive more general information from you as a result of your visits to, and use of, the Website. This general information does not identify you personally, and can include information such as your IP address, the date and time you access the Website, length of time you spend on the Website, your browsing history (recorded by the text and graphics files that compose that page), the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our Website, and other such 'General Information'.
To our third-party service providers. We partner with and are supported by service providers around the world. Personal information will be made available to these parties only when necessary to fulfill the services they provide to us, such as software, system, and platform support, direct marketing services
When you visit our website, sign up for a ultramsg event or request more information about ultramsg, we collect information automatically using tracking technologies, like cookies, and through web forms where you type in your information. We collect this information to provide you with what you request through the web form, to learn more about who is interested in our products and services, and to improve navigation experience on our pages.
We respect your right to access and control your information, and we will respond to requests for information and, where applicable, will correct, amend, or delete your personal information. Any such request can be made to privacy@ultramsg.com .
We do not sell or allow your Customer Account Data to be used by third parties for their own marketing purposes, unless you ask us to do this or give us your consent to do this. Further, we do not sell your end users’ personal information. We also do not share it with third parties for their own marketing or other purposes, unless you instruct us to do so. You can read more in our CCPA Notice.
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the security of your personal information both online and offline. These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the personal information we collect, process and store and the current state of technology. We also take measures to ensure service providers that process personal data on our behalf also have appropriate security controls in place.
The most current version of this Privacy Notice will govern our practices for collecting, processing, and disclosing personal data. We will provide notice of any modifications by posting a written notice on our website.